what is going on guys my name is family
shucks and welcome back to another
episode of clash of clans the title says
it all guys I am back I am back for
redemption to get this bar CH 23 k
trophies and I am so ready i skipped the
whole process of me barging through
crystal league and also the masters
league i started at 1700 Toki's and i
barged all my way back up to where we
last stopped on the last part of this
episode of my series of the barge to 3k
trophy series so we are back out where
we just left off 2953 we are returning
back with full force guys I've come back
stronger I got strong heroes which is to
play a huge role especially in those
clutch situations I learned from my
mistakes last time I pushed which was
roughly around four months ago
officially to get that personal record
of my trophies at 2953 which is exactly
where we are starting at 2953 trophies
so I learned from my mistakes last time
and I just know what to do this time I
got my eye on the prize barking to 3k
trophies is at a go so I hope you guys
aren't really that disappointed I know
you guys were probably like oh it's the
barge part to guide don't worry guys
that's coming out but I hope these
replays still help you guys learn how to
bartsch because it's a very similar
situation I'm still walking you guys
through the mindset of me when I was
going through this raid and you guys get
to see visually on how I perform my
raids and what basis I go for so this
base was pretty easy i used some clutch
lightning spells by lightning the hero
altars and also some of the builder huts
I saved my arch queen but I use my
barbarian King because he was boosting
and when it comes to boosting I go a bit
more risky on the base elections because
i know that i can use my barbarian king
and that he will regen in a faster time
and that goes the same for when I am
boosting my lightning spells because I
can use a lot more because I know that I
have enough elixir to train them up and
since they're on boost I know that
they'll finish in a quick amount of time
so this space right here is a pretty
easy base to bartsch you can notice that
he does have very centralized wizard
towers which aren't going to attack any
of my troops on the outside he also had
the same thing for his motors two of
them on the top are pretty centralized
not really going to cause a problem
though because the motor coverage on the
top don't really cover all the way on
the outside so it allows my arches to
pick off the free buildings and that of
course they do not apply to the bottom
mortar which I lightning strike at the
beginning of this
before I learned out the barbarian King
so I'm working my way all around the
base I started on the side away from the
clan castle of course the number one
rule is to attack the side with the clan
castle last and I got the fifty percent
before the clan castle even came out so
it was a pretty easy rate and I'm going
to deploy my arch Queen on the bottom
left on that dark elixir storage in
order to pick up a little bit more of
the dark elixir because it can't hurt to
farm a little bit more especially when
i'm using bartsch so once her hero
ability ran out I ended the rate and I
came away with a nice 11 trophies fifty
percent 1 star so now heading on to this
next replay this base right here is a
very common base that I love to barge
especially up at the higher leagues you
saw the space very familiar in the first
replay very common design has the very
far located compartments you see those
four rectangular compartments on the
outside which cover around the top and
also the bottom of this base now the
reason I like this setup is because it's
very far away from the core so not a lot
of the core defenses can help out on the
outside makes it really easy for my
archers to pick off the buildings inside
those compartments without being
completely destroyed by the core
defenses like the Expos or the mortars
and also just a tip even though someone
has a similar basis on it does not mean
you should barge it right away you have
to notice the building placements
especially the wizard tie replacements
if you notice the wizard tower is
covering a lot of the buildings on the
outside or they're covering the
compartments I really recommend not to
attack that base especially with bartsch
and also another tip to conclude this
raid the most percentage will always be
at the bottom or the sides not a lot of
people put a lot of percentage on the
top so that's a little bit of a heads up
if you're coming down to those clutch
situations to always place down your
heroes or your clan castle on the left
or right or bottom of that base so
here's another common base design that
you see up at the higher leagues a lot
of people tend to use this and it's
usually seen turned to its side I think
it's because a lot of people saw j-rod
uses space so it's become pretty popular
up at the higher leagues and it's a
really easy basic at than fifty percent
because the core defenses are really
separated from the outside buildings
which makes it really easy for me to
pick off now this base in particular was
pretty hard first off because the heroes
were basically unlevel in some aspects I
had to deploy a lot of barbary
on the bottom and he did have some tests
on the bottom which were a pain in the
ass as you guys know Tesla's overall on
the outside do a lot of damage
especially to barbarians and archers so
that's something to keep in mind
especially if you're going to be bar
Qing is to take out those Tesla's as
fast as possible use enough troops to
take out the Tesla's but also save
enough so that way you have enough to go
all around the base and take out the
rest of the buildings but if you do not
take out those Tesla's quick enough
they're going to rape your archers and
barbarians as fast as possible
especially level 7 Tesla's they just one
hit barbarians and archers like no
tomorrow so right here this is coming
down to a clutch situation it's
basically screwed up because the mortars
on the outside and also I think the main
cause of this was because of the Tesla's
just taking out those troops as quick as
possible so it came down to a clutch
situation I had all four spells I
lightning strike the altars and also the
builder huts and that came away with
around 45 to 46 percent which just left
enough percent for my heroes to clean up
so I place down both of my heroes on
this left-hand side because that's where
a lot of the buildings were also because
of the Wizards were on the right-hand
side so it's going to take them a while
for them to travel on the left-hand side
and my heroes are gonna finish up this
fifty percent so big thanks to stretchy
for the thumbnail his channel will be in
the description so thank you guys all
for watching and I'll see you guys next
time peace